hey it's me Destin welcome back to
smarter every day every December here on
smarter every day we help an orphanage
in Peru and a million people are new to
smarter every day this year so you might
not know about this so if you want to
learn how we got to this point click on
any of these videos however because I
didn't get to go this year I've got the
guy in charge of the orphanage here his
name is Tyler he's gonna update us ready
so others were in the mess what are you
gonna tell us about today so I kept an
eye on what's been going on over the
past year the ultimate goal of this
video is to convince people to support
on patreon right please supporting on
patreon is going to get us more towards
the operation of the orphanage hopefully
at the end of the video if you're
convinced that we're doing a good thing
maybe you can support on patreon the
coolest thing about this year which is
walking up to the property for the first
time in meeting just eight new kids who
now are off the streets who are in a
safe and loving home
we have 14 kids last year and these are
eight new kids right what's the deal
with the playground equipment so super
cool one of the local churches that help
support our home I donated all the
playground equipment for us really it's
legit playground man yeah it's it's for
real like kids are loving it we've had
this wall that goes to the front of our
property in the front gate for a long
time but it's just been bare looks like
concrete and start to get mold all over
it so we wanted to make it look nice
because the first thing they're gonna
see when they come to this home is this
this is gate in this wall we want them
to see that the home that they're coming
to is a place that is well cared for
because that tells them that there also
can be well well cared for so we have
lots of things growing in the garden
we've got cocoa now you see that fruit
that they're picking is called coke
gonna we've got pineapples bananas
mangoes papayas tons of stuff they're
eating every day ok there's the kids
although that was my favorite part z7o a
new house yeah so coolest thing opened
up with our third home this year so we
have finished construction in June and
by August we were much full with kids
I'm getting toured around this house by
these kids and all sudden Advent opens
up the freezer and I looking and looking
it's in there is this alligator tail
like in the freezer in the freezer just
just a whole alligator tail like scales
and everything just like complete
alligator tail like what the heck is it
it's just like no big deal
that we do it yeah
what are your your freezer hey this is
the third house and so you have a total
of eight kids in each house yeah so X we
have so we have 23 kids now total so we
have eight kids in two houses and then
seven kids and one of the other houses
one of the main things I like about not
forgotten is it's not like you have a
big orphanage house and the kids just
have a bunk bed kind of thing they
really feel like it's their house
stability in a completely different way
in the orphanage model so what's going
on here with these guys so here they're
showing us your room you know they'll
say this is my place this is my stuff
and that's just really cool to see these
kids who haven't had anything before I
like the swagger of the little guy like
he's walking you around in his house
nummy this is a stud I mean he will tell
you what's up
and the toilets look good yeah good
stuff it's important these kids learn
how to take care of his things I have
and all the kids know what they're
supposed to do that it's on a rotating
basis and they are they're learning what
it's like to take care of your stuff oh
look it's just la playa they're on the
beach on the beach that this big lake
there and so they're on the beach
swimming okay so these are all the kids
right now yeah so there are three
families right now in charge of these
children yeah
they live with a Peruvian mother and
father who who loves the takes care of
them as if they were their own that's
pretty awesome okay that's it that is
the update from the not forgotten
orphanage in Iquitos Peru this is a
really big deal
I want to high-five you I remember
talking about this in a Chili's was it
yeah we told us hey that Johnny's
barbecue I think yeah
is this a really big deal it went from
like a crazy conversation to actually
happening and I'm really excited about
that so if you want to support not
forgotten please consider going to
patreon.com
if if you go to that website if you
supported a certain level per month then
we're gonna send you a not forgotten
patch for this year which is a really
cool thing I think it's a cool idea yeah
also if you want to vote for this video
on the project for awesome we would
really appreciate that project for
awesome has been really big as well
you've gotten so much support through
project for awesome as well as much
awareness there you go go to the links
in the video description we've got two
of them number one go vote for this
video on the project for awesome and
number two go to patreon.com/scishow on
by you want explain what that means
yes sure so the outer circle with the
arrow depicts a cycle and what we're
doing in I forgotten as we are breaking
that cycle and the colors depict the
Peru flag red and white not rule